In front of the goal? Right there?
Here it comes! The perfect trajectory.
No, wait. It's another pass to Rin?
Nope. It's for me.
You...
Shidou?
The hell are youse doin'?
Got it! Push up!
Let's counter, Otoya!
A short ball to Karasu.
There's no straight man in your double act?
Then, allow me to deliver the punch line.
Tryouts
1st Match
Aw, hell. They're close to winnin'.
This is bad.
But why'd they crash into each other?
That was mine!
Antenna berserker!
Irritating bottom eyelash jerk!
You're an eyesore.
Don't be so full of yourself.
Rin reads the field and arrives
at the optimal course of action...
Nope. It's for me.
...while Shidou relies on instinct
to pick the perfect choice.
They got the same answer, but couldn't link up
because their processes were so different?
Is it possible these two Top 6 players
have the worst compatibility?
No, wait.
Is this a piece I can take advantage of?
Episode
The World You Feel
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey! Stop that!
Don't do it, bros!
They play soccer purely
to score goals themselves.
That's how they've made it this far.
Can players like that really
coexist on the same team?
If you do that again, I'll kill you, Rin-chan.
Why don't you make use of
those antennae of yours, pest?
No, these two can't mesh.
So what I can do for this team...
Is it helping Rin and Shidou to link up?
But if the other team scores
one more, it's game over.
Tryouts
1st Match
I have to give it a try.
I must show my worth.
I can't afford to fail.
It's real obvious that nothing's working
for you except that one-two.
Go on. Try and pass it.
Otoya? Crap. He's tough to outfox.
Hiori! Over here!
Use me!
Isagi-kun?
Ya picked a good lane to run into.
But I ain't lettin' ya through, Mr. Average.
Damn.
He's persistent.
Still, I have to get past Karasu
or I can't do anything.
In that case...
How's about here?
Nanase?
Rin-kun and Shidou-san's moves...
They're so ingenious,
I honestly can't get my head around 'em.
But your moves, Isagi-san...
I can visualize 'em easy!
This guy...
He's reading my movements to support Rin,
and making his own
off-the-ball run to back me up.
Perfect. This will work.
Right there, yeah?
I'll use Nanase as a distraction...
to jink diagonally
through Karasu's blind spot.
That way, huh?
Shut up. And back again!
His hand! Dodge it, Isagi-san!
Get past and...
...onto the through pass!
I got the better of him.
I can see it. The picture's expanding.
I can see my way to the goal.
I'm a bit too far out to shoot.
Plus, Chigiri's in the way.
But Rin's coming.
If I can hit a pinpoint pass, he can score.
But Otoya's there, too,
so it'll be difficult to pull off.
Isagi Yoichi!
Shidou?
But he's got his back to goal.
Oh, I see.
A one-two will get me past Chigiri and into
an area to shoot. It's some good old box play.
Okay. Get ready, Shidou.
This is our chemical reaction!
Nice assist.
Huh?
He pivoted on the spot?
Ta-da!
A spinning banana shot?
With his strong core and
superfast shooting motion,
he's basically invincible
inside the penalty area.
I am the strongest in the box.
I was a fool to expect him
to pass it to me.
Wow. Bro's a beast.
Still, because he was nearby, I had more
options and that goal became possible.
Isagi-san, ya got one assist now, bro.
Thanks, Nanase.
No sweat.
You're the only guy I can keep up with.
So feel free to use me more, bro.
I'm starting to discover new play styles.
And I'm more involved in the game now.
Yeah, let's do this.
All that's left is for me to score!
Isagi Yoichi's startin' to function.
What a pain.
If he scores, it's over.
I have to get the ball!
I'll blast past you again and
finish this match, Mr. Average.
You're in way over your head, Isagi.
Do you only target players weaker
than you, Karasu, you hyena?
Leave the dead body alone
and come at me.
I hate that "Big G" bullying attitude.
I'll sue ya for power harassment, dumdum.
These two...
are completely disregarding me!
He wrecked my sense of distance by raisin' his
elbow at the right moment to deflect my hand?
Impressive, Itoshi Rin.
In that case, I'll give up on
gettin' past him and just pass it off.
I'll take a step back to
keep hold of the ball and—
Mr. Average? You were in my blind spot?
Good. I've stolen it!
Nice, Isagi-san!
I'm ready over here!
Nanase and Hiori are
reacting to my movements.
It's time to counterattack.
'Sup. Road's closed.
Otoya gets back so fast.
But...
Isagi-san!
Are you ready?
Nanase follows and supports me,
while Hiori makes chances
with his passing sense.
Before the other team can regroup,
we'll dominate the midfield!
Whoa! Almost missed it!
It's not like he's super good, but...
Gimme, Nanase!
Here!
But if I switch the play
to the other side now...
Hiori will be free!
Nice, nice.
Eyes forward, Light Blue.
Yer stupidly fast, aintcha?
Ain't no wonder Karasu likes ya.
Before Chigiri can close him down,
Hiori will either take a shot
or look to offload the ball.
And Shidou's over there.
One reserved seat in front of the goal!
Like earlier, Shidou will move
toward Hiori to get the ball.
Behind him, a space will open up
for about a second at most.
That's my area to shoot from
that'll allow me to subjugate Shidou.
You ready?
Oh, you're ignoring me?
Here it comes! A perfectly shared vision!
Beautiful, Hiori!
The final piece...
is right here!
Shit! One step short!
I could see it.
I understood it.
But my physical abilities...
weren't good enough?
'Sup.
I'll clear that.
No, not yet!
Loose ball!
Rin and Karasu incoming!
This is why a not-so-average
opponent is a pain.
Then, get out of my way, you craven crow.
Stop him!
Shoot!
Rin will make it.
That last step I can't reach...
He'll reach it.
Tryouts
1st Match
Hell yeah! We're tied, bros!
Ya grabbed me to steady yerself
so ya could take the shot, huh?
Smart, Mr. Not-So-Average.
Hmph. You're one chatty crow.
Ever since Mr. Average activated,
y'all are a totally different team.
That's annoying.
We're able to assert ourselves
and coexist with Rin and Shidou as a team.
But...
Subjugate them!
For you, the Top 6 aren't
friends to play alongside.
This isn't...
the soccer I want to play!
Isagi-kun, you were so close.
Oh, Hirori. That was a nice pass.
In that moment, that was
the only spot I could place it.
I'm sorry.
No, the pass was perfect.
My analysis and vision were spot on.
But... Damn it. My physical
abilities weren't good enough.
My mind's catching up, but my body isn't.
If yer thinkin' then movin',
you'll always be too late.
Huh?
See it. Think about it. Move.
Up to now, that process
mighta worked for ya.
But if yer tryin' to score with Rin-kun and
Shidou-kun on yer team, that's another story.
Ya don't have their physical abilities,
so if yer seein' things at their speed,
you'll be too slow.
What the heck? Then, there's nothing I can—
Try thinkin' as a reflex.
The world you feel
will be totally different.
All right, bros! Next goal wins it!
I'm gonna steal it.
Keep yapping, runts.
I'm done playing with you,
Mr. Not-So-Average.
Let's go, Otoya!
'Kay. One-two it is.
Y'all were hopin' to pincer me?
Too bad, Mr. Average.
I'm aimin' at the space
ya left wide open, dumdum!
Hit the afterburners, Red.
Chigiri?
Crap!
He's on the right wing
with no one marking him!
The star of the piece has arrived!
Nice, Shidou-san!
Next time...
I'll score.
Second ball!
Okay. Ya wannit right there, Isagi-san?
Nice, Nanase!
Here goes.
This is my last chance.
Even if I see a move that
surpasses Rin and Shidou,
my physical abilities won't get me there.
Try thinkin' as a reflex.
But what does "thinking
as a reflex" even mean?
I read the field with my eyes,
think, then move.
That's how my weapon works.
Doing that as a reflex...
Is something like that even possible?
Yer too full of yerself, Mr. Average.
I'm gonna crush the life outta ya.
This guy... He shows up
where he's least wanted.
Isagi!
Give it to me over here.
Rin's linking up with me?
Nanase's here, too.
With this triangle,
we can blast past Karasu and Otoya!
Rin-kun!
Up the tempo!
We'll push up using these pinged passes.
And behind us...
Go, Hiori!
Slice through them down the left wing!
I won't let you!
Come at me, Light Blue.
Ya sure are annoyin'.
I'm counting on you, Hiori.
Rin and Shidou are pushing up,
anticipating the timing of your cross.
Cha.
The one who can dominate the chaos
in front of the goal will score.
If I aim for the space
beyond Rin and Shidou,
I won't quite get there
with the body I have now.
In that case, the spot I should aim for is...
Where is it?
Behind Shidou is open...
No.
Rin's blind spot, maybe?
Stop it!
How stupid am I?!
Seeing it, then thinking it over is too slow!
Don't think with your head.
Just sense it and move.
Believe.
All of my abilities...
All of my nerve fibers...
All of my senses...
In this moment, I'll pour
all of it into my reflexes!
Isagi Yoichi?
How?
Tryouts
1st Match
The game is over.
Final score: 5-4.
Isagi-san! Holy cow, bro! Like, wow!
3rd Selection
Tryouts
Team A wins.
A super goal!
You were so far from Rin-kun and Shidou-san,
but you blasted past 'em and scored direct!
How'd ya do it, bro? That was godlike!
Actually, I don't even know myself.
But following Hiori's advice,
I left it to my reflexes and
found my body heading there.
For real, bro?
A new skill? An awakening?
I'm so frickin' buzzed.
I get it, so please get off.
Ah! My bad!
Nice one, Isagi Yoichi.
I could feel your cells giving off sparks.
I might come to like your explosion.
Hmph. "Super goal," my foot.
You don't even know how
to break down what you did.
You stole a goal from me through luck.
Isagi, you seriously piss me off.
That goal...
I still don't exactly know how I did it...
But it's true that
in that one moment...
I went beyond Rin and Shidou.
Being absorbed by defiant concentration...
The flow.
You placed a foot in the
mechanism of a miracle, Isagi Yoichi.
The third player for Team C is...
Mikage
Mikage Reo.
I've finally made it...
to a place where I can
play alongside you...
Nagi.
It's our turn.
Shall we go, Nagi Seishiro?
Yukimiya Kenyu
Nagi Seishiro
Okay, Mr. Four-Eyes.
Shall we do this?
A
Blue Lock Additional Time.
Additional Time!
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
Blue Lock
Additional Time!
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
Blue Lock
Additional Time!
Tryouts
Ninja Secrets
Chigiri Hyoma
Hey, Otoya. Are you really
the descendant of a ninja?
'Sup. Nin, nin.
Otoya Eita
Can you do any ninja techniques?
Yeah. Wanna see?
For real? Yeah, show me.
Ninja Art...
Wow!
What?
Tongue Summoning.
Gross! And that's not how it's done, is it?
Karasu
Tabito
What are y'all doin'?
Ninja Art: Seducing Girls.
It works on most chicks.
I was a fool to ask.
Hold up, missy. You're a guy, too.
I've got the legit one as well.
Yeah, sure. I bet it's gonna be stupid.
This is the one you see
in manga and anime.
Breathing wind and fire and stuff?
I shall teach you this art, missy.
You'll need it in the future.
Are you sure?
Yes, I'm sure.
Wow. Sounds cool!
Sounds dumb.
Ninja Art...
Ninja Art:
Back Hug
Back Hug.
Hey now.
Ninja Art:
Head Pat
Head Pat.
Want me to smack ya?
Secret combination art...
Ninja Art:
Lift Chin
Ninja Art: Lift Chin into Whisper.
Ninja Art:
Whisper
Mr. Not-So-Average.
Well, anyway, ninja arts
are essential in romance.
Trick and be tricked. Bewitch each other.
Win their hearts and make them confused.
Never let them learn your true nature.
That is the secret of the ninja arts.
You mean the secret of hitting on girls!
Womanizer egoist.
Busted.
Just so you know, I'm not into dudes.
Okay, say it with me:
Girls are the best. Nin, nin.
Flirty ninja.
Go get yelled at by yer ancestors.